c:\users\stagiair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Het Terras\Het Terras\bin\Debug\Het Terras.exe.config
c:\users\stagiair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Het Terras\Het Terras\bin\Debug\Het Terras.exe
c:\users\stagiair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Het Terras\Het Terras\bin\Debug\Het Terras.pdb
c:\users\stagiair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Het Terras\Het Terras\obj\Debug\Het Terras.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\stagiair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Het Terras\Het Terras\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\stagiair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Het Terras\Het Terras\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\stagiair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Het Terras\Het Terras\obj\Debug\Het Terras_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\stagiair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Het Terras\Het Terras\obj\Debug\Het Terras_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\stagiair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Het Terras\Het Terras\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\stagiair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Het Terras\Het Terras\obj\Debug\Het Terras.g.resources
c:\users\stagiair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Het Terras\Het Terras\obj\Debug\Het_Terras.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\stagiair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Het Terras\Het Terras\obj\Debug\Het Terras.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\stagiair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Het Terras\Het Terras\obj\Debug\Het Terras.exe
c:\users\stagiair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Het Terras\Het Terras\obj\Debug\Het Terras.pdb
C:\Users\Stagiair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Het Terras\Het Terras\obj\Debug\mededeling.g.cs
C:\Users\Stagiair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Het Terras\Het Terras\obj\Debug\mededeling.baml
C:\Users\Stagiair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Het Terras\Het Terras\obj\Debug\emededeling.g.cs
C:\Users\Stagiair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Het Terras\Het Terras\obj\Debug\emededeling.baml
C:\Users\Stagiair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Het Terras\Het Terras\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\Stagiair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Het Terras\Het Terras\bin\Debug\MySql.Web.dll
C:\Users\Stagiair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Het Terras\Het Terras\obj\Debug\Rooster.g.cs
C:\Users\Stagiair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Het Terras\Het Terras\obj\Debug\Rooster.baml
C:\Users\Stagiair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Het Terras\Het Terras\obj\Debug\personeel.g.cs
C:\Users\Stagiair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Het Terras\Het Terras\obj\Debug\personeelwindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Stagiair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Het Terras\Het Terras\obj\Debug\personeel.baml
C:\Users\Stagiair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Het Terras\Het Terras\obj\Debug\personeelwindow.baml
C:\Users\Stagiair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Het Terras\Het Terras\obj\Debug\edituser.g.cs
C:\Users\Stagiair\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Het Terras\Het Terras\obj\Debug\edituser.baml
